# Writing rawdog plugins

## Introduction

As provided, rawdog provides a fairly small set of features. In order to
make it do more complex jobs, rawdog can be extended using plugin
modules written in Python. This document is intended for developers who
want to extend rawdog by writing plugins.

Extensions work by registering hook functions which are called by
various bits of rawdog's core as it runs. These functions can modify
rawdog's internal state in various interesting ways. An arbitrary number
of functions can be attached to each hook; they are called in the order
they were attached. Hook functions take various arguments depending on
where they're called from, and returns a boolean value indicating
whether further functions attached to the same hook should be called.

The "plugindirs" config option gives a list of directories to search for
plugins; all Python modules found in those directories will be loaded by
rawdog. In practice, this means that you need to call your file
something ending in ".py" to have it recognised as a plugin.

## Hooks

Most hook functions are called with "rawdog" and "config" as their first
two arguments; these are references to the aggregator's Rawdog and
Config objects.

If you need a hook that doesn't currently exist, please contact me.

The following hooks are supported:

### startup(rawdog, config)

Run when rawdog starts up, after the state file and config file have
been loaded, but before rawdog starts processing command-line arguments.

### shutdown(rawdog, config)

Run just before rawdog saves the state file and exits.

### config_option(config, name, value)

Called when rawdog encounters a config file option that it doesn't
recognise with the given name and value. The rawdoglib.rawdog.parse_*
functions will probably be useful when dealing with config options. You
can raise ValueError to have rawdog print an appropriate error message.
You should return False from this hook if name is an option you
recognise.

Note that using config.log in this hook will probably not do what you
want, because the verbose flag may not yet have been turned on.

